alham salh is joining us live from
occupied East Jerusalem so tell us more
about what the Israelis have been saying
about their operation at alifa hospital
ham it's uh been more than two days that
they've been there
now right Elizabeth so more than 48
hours after the Israeli forces raided Al
shifa Hospital the Israeli military
spokesperson Daniel haadi is saying that
they're going to continue their military
presence there I want to also point to
what the Israeli Prime Minister said in
an interview with CBS news saying that
Israel had an indication a strong
indication actually that there were
captives being held at Al shifa hospital
but just less than 24 hours after the
Israeli Army raided the hospital on
November 15th they released a statement
saying that they didn't have an
indication there were captives being
held there but rather thought that this
Mission could assist them in finding
information on their whereabouts the
Israeli Army has been saying for some
time that Hamas uses a shifa hospital
and other medical facilities as bases
and Military headquarters but they have
not provided any concrete proof or
evidence even two days after they
entered the largest medical complex in
the Gaza Strip they have not provided
this large proof to back up the claims
they have been making for quite some
time remember in the beginning days of
the war the Israeli military showed an
animated video that that showcased a
complex network of tunnels that were
multi-leveled and a large military
headquarters at the bottom of it but
what the Israeli military did show in
their findings was a an opening in the
ground that looks to have been dug up
somewhere around the shiffa complex so
while the Israeli military and
politicians alike have been making these
claims for some time they have not been
providing the evidence needed to support
them the images they published on
Wednesday of the weapons cash in the
hospital couldn't be independently
verified or fact checked but the Israeli
Army is sticking with these claims they
say that the operation at alifa hospital
will continue and hagat says that
they're quote looking to achieve more
goals Elizabeth ham thank you very much
for that ham Salud live and occupied
East
Jerusalem